readme.md, before:

# DSA Playground

A curated repository to practice and master Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA). This repo includes solutions to LeetCode problems, categorized by topics like Arrays, Trees, Graphs, Dynamic Programming, and more. Perfect for interview preparation and honing your problem-solving skills!

Features:
- Topic-wise LeetCode solutions with explanations
- Optimized code with comments for better understanding
- Difficulty tags (Easy, Medium, Hard)
- Continuous updates with new problems


# Problems

## Stacks and Queues

### Monotonic Stack/Queue [IMP]
- [Next Greater Element I](./stacks-and-queues/next-greater-element.md)
- [Next Greater Element II](./stacks-and-queues/next-greater-element-ii.md)
- [Next Smaller Element](./stacks-and-queues/next-smaller-element.md)
- [Number of Next Greater Elements](./stacks-and-queues/number-of-next-greater-elements.md)
- [Trapping Rain Water](./stacks-and-queues/trapping-rain-water.md)


## Graphs


### Easy

- [Flood Fill](./graphs/flood-fill.md)  

### Medium

- [Course Schedule - I](./graphs/course_schedule-1.md)  
- [Course Schedule - II](./graphs/course_schedule-2.md)  
- [Course Schedule - IV](./graphs/course_schedule-4.md)  
- [Number of Islands (Matrix version)](./graphs/number-of-islands.md)  
- [Number of Provinces (Graph version)](./graphs/number-of-provinces.md)  
- [Surrounded Regions](./graphs/surrounded-regions.md)  
- [Rotten Oranges](./graphs/rotten-oranges.md)  
- [Eventual Safe States](./graphs/eventual-safe-states.md)  
- [Redundant Connections](./graphs/redundant-connections.md)  
- [Path with Minimum Effort](./graphs/path-with-maximum-effort.md)  
- [Shortest Path in Binary Matrix](./graphs/shortest-path-in-binary-matrix.md)  

### Hard

- [Word Ladder](./graphs/word-ladder-1)  
- [Alien Dictionary](./graphs/alien-dictionary.md)  

## Dynamic Programming


### 1D DP

- [Climbing Stairs](./dynamic-programming/climbing-stairs.md)  
- [Frog Jump](./dynamic-programming/frog-jump.md)
- [Frog Jump with k distance](./dynamic-programming/frog-jump-k-distance.md)
- [House Robber I](./dynamic-programming/house-robber-i.md)
- [House Robber II](./dynamic-programming/house-robber-ii.md)
- [House Robber III](./dynamic-programming/house-robber-iii.md)

### 2D/3D DP - DP on Grids

- [Ninja Training](./dynamic-programming/ninja-training.md)
- [Unique Paths](./dynamic-programming/unique-paths.md)
- [Unique Paths II](./dynamic-programming/unique-paths-ii.md)
- [Unique Paths III](./dynamic-programming/unique-paths-iii.md)
- [Minimum Falling Path Sum](./dynamic-programming/minimum-falling-path-sum.md)
- [Minimum Path Sum](./dynamic-programming/minimum-path-sum.md)
- [Cherry Pickup I](./dynamic-programming/cherry-pickup-i.md)
- [Cherry Pickup II](./dynamic-programming/cherry-pickup-ii.md)

### DP on Subsequences

- [Subset Sum equal to target](./dynamic-programming/subset-sum-equal-target.md)
- [Partition Equal Subset Sum](./dynamic-programming/partition-equal-subset-sum.md)
- [Count Subsets with Sum k](./dynamic-programming/count-subsets-with-sum-k.md)
- [Coin change I](./dynamic-programming/coin-change.md)
- [Coin Change II](./dynamic-programming/coin-change-2.md)

### DP on Strings

- [Longest Common Subsequences](./dynamic-programming/longest-common-subsequence.md)
- [Print all longest common subsequence](./dynamic-programming/print-all-lcs.md)
- [Edit Distance](./dynamic-programming/edit-distance.md)

### DP on Stocks
- [ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stocks - I](./dynamic-programming/buy-sell-stocks-i.md)
- [ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stocks - II](./dynamic-programming/buy-sell-stocks-ii.md)
- [ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stocks - III](./dynamic-programming/buy-sell-stocks-iii.md)
- [ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stocks - IV](./dynamic-programming/buy-sell-stocks-iv.md)

### DP on LIS
- [Longest Increasing Subsequence](./dynamic-programming/longest-increasing-sequence.md)
- [Print Longest Increasing Subsequence](./dynamic-programming/print-longest-increasing-subsequence.md)
- [Maximum Sum Increasing Subsequence](./dynamic-programming/maximum-sum-increasing-subsequence.md)
- [Maximum Length of Bitonic Subsequence](./dynamic-programming/max-length-of-bitonic-subsequence.md)

<!-- ### Partition DP -->

<!-- ### DP on Squares -->

### Misc

- [0-1 Knapsack](./dynamic-programming/0-1-knapsack.md)


## Design 
- [LRU Cache](./design/lru-cache.md)

Commit message:

buy sell stock with cooldown or transaction fee

readme.md, after:

# DSA Playground

A curated repository to practice and master Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA). This repo includes solutions to LeetCode problems, categorized by topics like Arrays, Trees, Graphs, Dynamic Programming, and more. Perfect for interview preparation and honing your problem-solving skills!

Features:
- Topic-wise LeetCode solutions with explanations
- Optimized code with comments for better understanding
- Difficulty tags (Easy, Medium, Hard)
- Continuous updates with new problems


# Problems

## Stacks and Queues

### Monotonic Stack/Queue [IMP]
- [Next Greater Element I](./stacks-and-queues/next-greater-element.md)
- [Next Greater Element II](./stacks-and-queues/next-greater-element-ii.md)
- [Next Smaller Element](./stacks-and-queues/next-smaller-element.md)
- [Number of Next Greater Elements](./stacks-and-queues/number-of-next-greater-elements.md)
- [Trapping Rain Water](./stacks-and-queues/trapping-rain-water.md)


## Graphs


### Easy

- [Flood Fill](./graphs/flood-fill.md)  

### Medium

- [Course Schedule - I](./graphs/course_schedule-1.md)  
- [Course Schedule - II](./graphs/course_schedule-2.md)  
- [Course Schedule - IV](./graphs/course_schedule-4.md)  
- [Number of Islands (Matrix version)](./graphs/number-of-islands.md)  
- [Number of Provinces (Graph version)](./graphs/number-of-provinces.md)  
- [Surrounded Regions](./graphs/surrounded-regions.md)  
- [Rotten Oranges](./graphs/rotten-oranges.md)  
- [Eventual Safe States](./graphs/eventual-safe-states.md)  
- [Redundant Connections](./graphs/redundant-connections.md)  
- [Path with Minimum Effort](./graphs/path-with-maximum-effort.md)  
- [Shortest Path in Binary Matrix](./graphs/shortest-path-in-binary-matrix.md)  

### Hard

- [Word Ladder](./graphs/word-ladder-1)  
- [Alien Dictionary](./graphs/alien-dictionary.md)  

## Dynamic Programming


### 1D DP

- [Climbing Stairs](./dynamic-programming/climbing-stairs.md)  
- [Frog Jump](./dynamic-programming/frog-jump.md)
- [Frog Jump with k distance](./dynamic-programming/frog-jump-k-distance.md)
- [House Robber I](./dynamic-programming/house-robber-i.md)
- [House Robber II](./dynamic-programming/house-robber-ii.md)
- [House Robber III](./dynamic-programming/house-robber-iii.md)

### 2D/3D DP - DP on Grids

- [Ninja Training](./dynamic-programming/ninja-training.md)
- [Unique Paths](./dynamic-programming/unique-paths.md)
- [Unique Paths II](./dynamic-programming/unique-paths-ii.md)
- [Unique Paths III](./dynamic-programming/unique-paths-iii.md)
- [Minimum Falling Path Sum](./dynamic-programming/minimum-falling-path-sum.md)
- [Minimum Path Sum](./dynamic-programming/minimum-path-sum.md)
- [Cherry Pickup I](./dynamic-programming/cherry-pickup-i.md)
- [Cherry Pickup II](./dynamic-programming/cherry-pickup-ii.md)

### DP on Subsequences

- [Subset Sum equal to target](./dynamic-programming/subset-sum-equal-target.md)
- [Partition Equal Subset Sum](./dynamic-programming/partition-equal-subset-sum.md)
- [Count Subsets with Sum k](./dynamic-programming/count-subsets-with-sum-k.md)
- [Coin change I](./dynamic-programming/coin-change.md)
- [Coin Change II](./dynamic-programming/coin-change-2.md)

### DP on Strings

- [Longest Common Subsequences](./dynamic-programming/longest-common-subsequence.md)
- [Print all longest common subsequence](./dynamic-programming/print-all-lcs.md)
- [Edit Distance](./dynamic-programming/edit-distance.md)

### DP on Stocks
- [ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stocks - I](./dynamic-programming/buy-sell-stocks-i.md)
- [ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stocks - II](./dynamic-programming/buy-sell-stocks-ii.md)
- [ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stocks - III](./dynamic-programming/buy-sell-stocks-iii.md)
- [ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stocks - IV](./dynamic-programming/buy-sell-stocks-iv.md)
- [ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stocks - V](./dynamic-programming/buy-sell-stocks-v.md)
- [ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stocks - VI](./dynamic-programming/buy-sell-stocks-vi.md)

### DP on LIS
- [Longest Increasing Subsequence](./dynamic-programming/longest-increasing-sequence.md)
- [Print Longest Increasing Subsequence](./dynamic-programming/print-longest-increasing-subsequence.md)
- [Maximum Sum Increasing Subsequence](./dynamic-programming/maximum-sum-increasing-subsequence.md)
- [Maximum Length of Bitonic Subsequence](./dynamic-programming/max-length-of-bitonic-subsequence.md)

<!-- ### Partition DP -->

<!-- ### DP on Squares -->

### Misc

- [0-1 Knapsack](./dynamic-programming/0-1-knapsack.md)


## Design 
- [LRU Cache](./design/lru-cache.md)
